README.md, before:

![illager's battlegrounds banner](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/af143eb7be1f56c98c8d8109c0cffad04843bcb8.jpeg)                       

<p align="center">
  <img width="460" height="150" src="https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/9854f51ded6b58641fc17de8498e3c9df8af224c.png">
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img width="260" height="70" src="https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/494796378432be9d93ed79cc79812bc8068ebd02.png">

  <img width="260" height="70" src="https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/ec5b4065201e8f39744a730b90f99629769bb561.png">
</p>




The illagers are attacking. They have become stronger and taken over the land. It is now up to you to fight back. With realistic guns and vehicles at your disposal you will show them what you are made of.
<br><br>
But the illagers aren't your only problem. There are creatures far more powerful out there that have been created by failed experiments by the illagers and are now roaming free. Can you stop them?
<br><br><br><br><br>

![features banner](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/43bfe4c7bcc38e6b8fca924dfe4f2acb8628bd49.png)
## Weapons
![screenshot of an in-game realistic desert eagle inspecting animation](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/a14794dea296f0e41689671dd9454415f7c42575.jpeg)
![screenshot of an akm within the game with a bright, rainy forest in the background](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/b475073856b46c9945c17e8a9534e98720188cc3.webp)
A big library of real-life-inspired weapons each with their own unique animations and ammos. These are all craftable using the gun bench.

## Vehicles
![screenshot of a in-game one-seater car](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/4c8eb15ed09eba98ffe31a103124a97a5c24f77e.jpeg)
A large amount of craftable vehicles to drive. Some with special abilities like driving up blocks.

## Parkour (Slide, dive & wall-running)
![FastMove Parkour demo](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/XmqpPthc/images/431ce2cb39d82e5dc643e2f6ac37f751dcf330ee.webp)
<br>
(Video by [BeaTheBee](https://modrinth.com/user/BeaTheBee). [Source](https://modrinth.com/mod/fastmove/gallery).) <br>
Enjoy a new way of moving through the world. Slide, dive or wall-running will make your moves very efficient and, more importantly, satisfying.

## Bosses
![screenshot of many new bosses themed around graveyards](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/b462320abc55c55c85b98d7eff42f4cacfcd6978.jpeg)
A bunch of new and exciting bosses to face. Use your arsenal wisely.

## New and harder structures
![screenshot of the modified illager mansion (not to be confused with the vanilla woodland mansion)](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/bdc0e015febe05c9749babd372652bace020cf7e.jpeg)
Explore and raid a bunch of new structures which the illagers reside in. It won't be easy so bring your best gear.

## Take & develop polaroid pictures
![screenshot of the in-game polaroid camera mod looking through the lens of said polaroid](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/c6c28a4c691f53cf7e984cfb1ea50bf72e46d803.jpeg)
Whether it's for gathering intel on your enemies or just to remember your adventures you can now gather a polaroid camera and film to take photos of the things you explore, or yourself and some friends. These photos can be hung on your wall at home.

## Optimization mods
![screenshot of the fps counter on 1153 fps and the logos of the mods: iris, sodium, fabric and lithium](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/6e9b743f6c23a77aa3ab49bed7add100d75f4a49.jpeg)
Rest assured that even with all of the mods above your game will still run smoothly thanks to all of the optimization mods that have been put into this.

## Resourcify support
![screenshot of resourcify. the mod that lets you install shaders and resource packs from within the game](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/632e8e3b13c4f276bcf74012975243665270358e.jpeg)
Conveniently install resource packs and shaders straight from the game itself without having to restart.

## Does this work on Quilt/Forge/Neoforge?
Quilt: Yes <br>
Forge: No <br>
Neoforge: No

## Mods used (On the latest version of the pack)
### Gameplay Mods:
- [Timeless and Classics Zero](https://modrinth.com/mod/timeless-and-classics-zero) (Adds 3D realistic guns along with ammo and attachment crafting)
- [Automobility](https://modrinth.com/mod/automobility) (Adds driveable cars)
- [Armorful](https://modrinth.com/mod/armorful) (Adds armor for various mobs naturally)
- [Exposure](https://modrinth.com/mod/exposure) (Adds a polaroid camera to take photos, develop them and maybe hang them on your wall)
- [FastMove](https://modrinth.com/mod/fastmove) (Add some style to your movement with fully animated dive rolls, wall runs, and more)
- [illager invasion](https://modrinth.com/mod/illager-invasion) (Adds new illager types and structures)
- [Mobs Attempt Parkour](https://modrinth.com/mod/mobs-attempt-parkour) (Gives certain mobs the ability to jump over things)
- [The Graveyard](https://modrinth.com/mod/the-graveyard-fabric) (Adds structures, mobs, bosses and blocks themed around the graveyard.)
- [Towns and Towers](https://modrinth.com/mod/towns-and-towers) (Adds new villages, pillager outposts, and even new ships)
- [AmbientSounds](https://modrinth.com/mod/ambientsounds) (Adds ambient nature sounds that are dynamic)
- [Bosses of mass destruction](https://modrinth.com/mod/bosses-of-mass-destruction) (Adds bosses)
- [EMI](https://modrinth.com/mod/emi) (A featureful and accessible item and recipe viewer)
- [e4mc](https://modrinth.com/mod/e4mc) (Open a LAN server to the public even people outside your network)
- [Dungeons And Taverns](https://modrinth.com/datapack/dungeons-and-taverns) (Adding dungeons, taverns and other structures to find while you explore the world.)
- [Ultris: Boss Expansion](https://modrinth.com/datapack/ultris) (Adds 8 new bosses, new structures, items, and stories for you to unravel.)




### Performance Mods:
- [Sodium](https://modrinth.com/mod/sodium) (Rendering engine to significantly enhance FPS)
- [ImmediatelyFast](https://modrinth.com/mod/immediatelyfast) (Optimizes all immediate mode rendering by using a custom buffer implementation)
- [BetterF3](https://modrinth.com/mod/betterf3) (Makes the F3 menu customizable. My included config removes a lot of the unneeded information which improves performance.)
- [Dynamic FPS](https://modrinth.com/mod/dynamic-fps) (Reduces FPS when you're not tabbed into Minecraft (CONFIGURABLE).)
- [Entityculling](https://modrinth.com/mod/entityculling) (Hides blocks/entities that aren't visible.)
- [Clumps](https://modrinth.com/mod/clumps) (Merges XP orbs together into bigger but lesser clumps to improve performance.)
- [Packet-Fixer](https://modrinth.com/mod/packet-fixer) (Fixes issues with packets.)
- [Modernfix](https://modrinth.com/mod/modernfix) (Overall performance enhancer.)
- [FerriteCore](https://modrinth.com/mod/ferrite-core) (Reduces memory/RAM usage.)
- [Ksyxis](https://modrinth.com/mod/ksyxis) (Speeds up loading of the world by rendering all chunks every time you load a world.)
- [BadOptimizations](https://modrinth.com/mod/badoptimizations) (Optimization mod that focuses on things other than rendering)
- [Debugify](https://modrinth.com/mod/debugify) (Fixes Minecraft bugs found on the bug tracker)
- [Indium](https://modrinth.com/mod/indium) (Sodium addon providing support for the Fabric Rendering API, based on Indigo)
- [Krypton](https://modrinth.com/mod/krypton) (Optimizes the networking stack)
- [Lithium](https://modrinth.com/mod/lithium) (Game logic/server optimization mod)
- [Language Reload](https://modrinth.com/mod/language-reload) (Reduces load times and adds fallbacks for languages)
- [ServerCore](https://modrinth.com/mod/servercore) (Optimizes the minecraft server.)
- [Concurrent Chunk Management Engine](https://modrinth.com/mod/c2me-fabric) (Improves the chunk performance)
- [Enhanced Block Entities](https://modrinth.com/mod/ebe) (Reduce block entity FPS lag with almost no compromises, and improve their visuals)
- [Very Many Players](https://modrinth.com/mod/vmp-fabric) (Improves server performance at high playercounts)



### Quality-of-life Mods:
- [Sodium Dynamic Lights](https://modrinth.com/mod/sodium-dynamic-lights) (Adds dynamic lighting. Makes a torch you hold in your hand light the place without placing it.)
- [Resourcify](https://modrinth.com/mod/resourcify) (Adds a menu to install shaders and resource packs from within the game. [Screenshot](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/4WwOrx5T/images/944d2ff71a2b998090e7acb0a6ebc06944fca490.png))
- [CraftPresence](https://modrinth.com/mod/craftpresence) (Adds discord rich presence to the game which is also customizable)
- [Cubes without borders](https://modrinth.com/mod/cubes-without-borders) (Adds a borderless fullscreen option)
- [Fabrishot](https://modrinth.com/mod/fabrishot) (Takes 4k screenshots)
- [3D Skin Layers](https://modrinth.com/mod/3dskinlayers) (Renders parts of player skins in 3D)
- [Chat Heads](https://modrinth.com/mod/chat-heads) (Adds the head of the player as an icon in chat)
- [Model gap fix](https://modrinth.com/mod/modelfix) (Fixes gaps in Block Models and Item Models)
- [Mouse Tweaks](https://modrinth.com/mod/mouse-tweaks) (Enhances inventory management by adding various functions to the mouse buttons. )
- [Not Enough Animations](https://modrinth.com/mod/not-enough-animations) (Adds new animations to players in third person)
- [Presence Footsteps](https://modrinth.com/mod/presence-footsteps) (Adds dynamic & detailed footstep sounds)
- [Random Village Names](https://modrinth.com/mod/random-village-names) (Gives every village a name and shows it on screen)
- [Village Spawn Point](https://modrinth.com/mod/village-spawn-point) (Sets the spawn point in a new world to the center of a village.)
- [Villager Names](https://modrinth.com/mod/villager-names-serilum) (Gives all villager entities a default or custom name to liven up the world.)
- [Sound Physics Remastered](https://modrinth.com/mod/sound-physics-remastered) (Provides realistic sound attenuation, reverberation, and absorption through blocks.)



### Shaders:
- [Complementary Reimagined](https://modrinth.com/shader/complementary-reimagined)
- [Bliss](https://modrinth.com/shader/bliss-shader)



### Resource packs:
- [Low on fire](https://modrinth.com/resourcepack/low-on-fire) (Lowers the fire on your screen when you're on fire.)
- [Fast better grass](https://modrinth.com/resourcepack/fast-better-grass)
- [Default Dark Mode](https://modrinth.com/resourcepack/default-dark-mode) (Makes all the GUI darker)
- [Ray's 3D Ladders](https://modrinth.com/resourcepack/rays-3d-ladders) & [Ray's 3D Rails](https://modrinth.com/resourcepack/rays-3d-rails) (Makes both the ladders and rails 3D)



### Library/Dependency Mods:
- [Areas](https://modrinth.com/mod/areas)
- [Cardinal Components API](https://modrinth.com/mod/cardinal-components-api)
- [Cloth Config API](https://modrinth.com/mod/cloth-config)
- [Collective](https://modrinth.com/mod/collective)
- [Continuity](https://modrinth.com/mod/continuity)
- [CreativeCore](https://modrinth.com/mod/creativecore)
- [Cristel Lib](https://modrinth.com/mod/cristel-lib)
- [Fabric API](https://modrinth.com/mod/fabric-api)
- [Fabric Language Kotlin](https://modrinth.com/mod/fabric-language-kotlin)
- [Forge Config API Port](https://modrinth.com/mod/forge-config-api-port)
- [Geckolib](https://modrinth.com/mod/geckolib)
- [MRU](https://modrinth.com/mod/mru)
- [Puzzles Lib](https://modrinth.com/mod/puzzles-lib)
- [Reeses Sodium Options](https://modrinth.com/mod/reeses-sodium-options)
- [Sodium Extra](https://modrinth.com/mod/sodium-extra)
- [Sodium Options API](https://modrinth.com/mod/sodium-options-api)
- [UniLib](https://modrinth.com/mod/unilib)
- [Yungs API](https://modrinth.com/mod/yungs-api)
- [YetAnotherConfigLib](https://modrinth.com/mod/yacl)
- [Entity Model Features](https://modrinth.com/mod/entity-model-features)
- [EntityTextureFeatures](https://modrinth.com/mod/entitytexturefeatures)
- [owo-lib](https://modrinth.com/mod/owo-lib)


### Copyright notice
If a modder of any of the mods featured in this pack wants their mod removed from this pack, please let me know and I will do so.

## Contribution
Issues and suggestions can be done on the [Github issues page](https://github.com/Z-ANESaber/illager-s-Battlegrounds/issues).

Commit message:

Added body cam shader in features

README.md, after:

![illager's battlegrounds banner](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/af143eb7be1f56c98c8d8109c0cffad04843bcb8.jpeg)                       

<p align="center">
  <img width="460" height="150" src="https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/9854f51ded6b58641fc17de8498e3c9df8af224c.png">
</p>

<p align="center">
  <img width="260" height="70" src="https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/494796378432be9d93ed79cc79812bc8068ebd02.png">

  <img width="260" height="70" src="https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/ec5b4065201e8f39744a730b90f99629769bb561.png">
</p>




The illagers are attacking. They have become stronger and taken over the land. It is now up to you to fight back. With realistic guns and vehicles at your disposal you will show them what you are made of.
<br><br>
But the illagers aren't your only problem. There are creatures far more powerful out there that have been created by failed experiments by the illagers and are now roaming free. Can you stop them?
<br><br><br><br><br>

![features banner](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/43bfe4c7bcc38e6b8fca924dfe4f2acb8628bd49.png)
## Weapons
![screenshot of an in-game realistic desert eagle inspecting animation](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/a14794dea296f0e41689671dd9454415f7c42575.jpeg)
![screenshot of an akm within the game with a bright, rainy forest in the background](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/b475073856b46c9945c17e8a9534e98720188cc3.webp)
A big library of real-life-inspired weapons each with their own unique animations and ammos. These are all craftable using the gun bench.

## Vehicles
![screenshot of a in-game one-seater car](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/4c8eb15ed09eba98ffe31a103124a97a5c24f77e.jpeg)
A large amount of craftable vehicles to drive. Some with special abilities like driving up blocks.

## Parkour (Slide, dive & wall-running)
![FastMove Parkour demo](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/XmqpPthc/images/431ce2cb39d82e5dc643e2f6ac37f751dcf330ee.webp)
<br>
(Video by [BeaTheBee](https://modrinth.com/user/BeaTheBee). [Source](https://modrinth.com/mod/fastmove/gallery).) <br>
Enjoy a new way of moving through the world. Slide, dive or wall-running will make your moves very efficient and, more importantly, satisfying.

## Bosses
![screenshot of many new bosses themed around graveyards](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/b462320abc55c55c85b98d7eff42f4cacfcd6978.jpeg)
A bunch of new and exciting bosses to face. Use your arsenal wisely.

## New and harder structures
![screenshot of the modified illager mansion (not to be confused with the vanilla woodland mansion)](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/bdc0e015febe05c9749babd372652bace020cf7e.jpeg)
Explore and raid a bunch of new structures which the illagers reside in. It won't be easy so bring your best gear.

## (Optional) Body cam shader
![screenshot of the body cam shader](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/b84a308e3e0dc6ba15d72371d69dc3250953f7b3.jpeg)
This shader replicates the look of a body camera used by the police or the military. Can be turned on in the shader settings but is **NOT** enabled by default.

## Take & develop polaroid pictures
![screenshot of the in-game polaroid camera mod looking through the lens of said polaroid](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/c6c28a4c691f53cf7e984cfb1ea50bf72e46d803.jpeg)
Whether it's for gathering intel on your enemies or just to remember your adventures you can now gather a polaroid camera and film to take photos of the things you explore, or yourself and some friends. These photos can be hung on your wall at home.

## Optimization mods
![screenshot of the fps counter on 1153 fps and the logos of the mods: iris, sodium, fabric and lithium](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/6e9b743f6c23a77aa3ab49bed7add100d75f4a49.jpeg)
Rest assured that even with all of the mods above your game will still run smoothly thanks to all of the optimization mods that have been put into this.

## Resourcify support
![screenshot of resourcify. the mod that lets you install shaders and resource packs from within the game](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/632e8e3b13c4f276bcf74012975243665270358e.jpeg)
Conveniently install resource packs and shaders straight from the game itself without having to restart.

## Does this work on Quilt/Forge/Neoforge?
Quilt: Yes <br>
Forge: No <br>
Neoforge: No

## Mods used (On the latest version of the pack)
### Gameplay Mods:
- [Timeless and Classics Zero](https://modrinth.com/mod/timeless-and-classics-zero) (Adds 3D realistic guns along with ammo and attachment crafting)
- [Automobility](https://modrinth.com/mod/automobility) (Adds driveable cars)
- [Armorful](https://modrinth.com/mod/armorful) (Adds armor for various mobs naturally)
- [Exposure](https://modrinth.com/mod/exposure) (Adds a polaroid camera to take photos, develop them and maybe hang them on your wall)
- [FastMove](https://modrinth.com/mod/fastmove) (Add some style to your movement with fully animated dive rolls, wall runs, and more)
- [illager invasion](https://modrinth.com/mod/illager-invasion) (Adds new illager types and structures)
- [Mobs Attempt Parkour](https://modrinth.com/mod/mobs-attempt-parkour) (Gives certain mobs the ability to jump over things)
- [The Graveyard](https://modrinth.com/mod/the-graveyard-fabric) (Adds structures, mobs, bosses and blocks themed around the graveyard.)
- [Towns and Towers](https://modrinth.com/mod/towns-and-towers) (Adds new villages, pillager outposts, and even new ships)
- [AmbientSounds](https://modrinth.com/mod/ambientsounds) (Adds ambient nature sounds that are dynamic)
- [Bosses of mass destruction](https://modrinth.com/mod/bosses-of-mass-destruction) (Adds bosses)
- [EMI](https://modrinth.com/mod/emi) (A featureful and accessible item and recipe viewer)
- [e4mc](https://modrinth.com/mod/e4mc) (Open a LAN server to the public even people outside your network)
- [Dungeons And Taverns](https://modrinth.com/datapack/dungeons-and-taverns) (Adding dungeons, taverns and other structures to find while you explore the world.)
- [Ultris: Boss Expansion](https://modrinth.com/datapack/ultris) (Adds 8 new bosses, new structures, items, and stories for you to unravel.)




### Performance Mods:
- [Sodium](https://modrinth.com/mod/sodium) (Rendering engine to significantly enhance FPS)
- [ImmediatelyFast](https://modrinth.com/mod/immediatelyfast) (Optimizes all immediate mode rendering by using a custom buffer implementation)
- [BetterF3](https://modrinth.com/mod/betterf3) (Makes the F3 menu customizable. My included config removes a lot of the unneeded information which improves performance.)
- [Dynamic FPS](https://modrinth.com/mod/dynamic-fps) (Reduces FPS when you're not tabbed into Minecraft (CONFIGURABLE).)
- [Entityculling](https://modrinth.com/mod/entityculling) (Hides blocks/entities that aren't visible.)
- [Clumps](https://modrinth.com/mod/clumps) (Merges XP orbs together into bigger but lesser clumps to improve performance.)
- [Packet-Fixer](https://modrinth.com/mod/packet-fixer) (Fixes issues with packets.)
- [Modernfix](https://modrinth.com/mod/modernfix) (Overall performance enhancer.)
- [FerriteCore](https://modrinth.com/mod/ferrite-core) (Reduces memory/RAM usage.)
- [Ksyxis](https://modrinth.com/mod/ksyxis) (Speeds up loading of the world by rendering all chunks every time you load a world.)
- [BadOptimizations](https://modrinth.com/mod/badoptimizations) (Optimization mod that focuses on things other than rendering)
- [Debugify](https://modrinth.com/mod/debugify) (Fixes Minecraft bugs found on the bug tracker)
- [Indium](https://modrinth.com/mod/indium) (Sodium addon providing support for the Fabric Rendering API, based on Indigo)
- [Krypton](https://modrinth.com/mod/krypton) (Optimizes the networking stack)
- [Lithium](https://modrinth.com/mod/lithium) (Game logic/server optimization mod)
- [Language Reload](https://modrinth.com/mod/language-reload) (Reduces load times and adds fallbacks for languages)
- [ServerCore](https://modrinth.com/mod/servercore) (Optimizes the minecraft server.)
- [Concurrent Chunk Management Engine](https://modrinth.com/mod/c2me-fabric) (Improves the chunk performance)
- [Enhanced Block Entities](https://modrinth.com/mod/ebe) (Reduce block entity FPS lag with almost no compromises, and improve their visuals)
- [Very Many Players](https://modrinth.com/mod/vmp-fabric) (Improves server performance at high playercounts)



### Quality-of-life Mods:
- [Sodium Dynamic Lights](https://modrinth.com/mod/sodium-dynamic-lights) (Adds dynamic lighting. Makes a torch you hold in your hand light the place without placing it.)
- [Resourcify](https://modrinth.com/mod/resourcify) (Adds a menu to install shaders and resource packs from within the game. [Screenshot](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/4WwOrx5T/images/944d2ff71a2b998090e7acb0a6ebc06944fca490.png))
- [CraftPresence](https://modrinth.com/mod/craftpresence) (Adds discord rich presence to the game which is also customizable)
- [Cubes without borders](https://modrinth.com/mod/cubes-without-borders) (Adds a borderless fullscreen option)
- [Fabrishot](https://modrinth.com/mod/fabrishot) (Takes 4k screenshots)
- [3D Skin Layers](https://modrinth.com/mod/3dskinlayers) (Renders parts of player skins in 3D)
- [Chat Heads](https://modrinth.com/mod/chat-heads) (Adds the head of the player as an icon in chat)
- [Model gap fix](https://modrinth.com/mod/modelfix) (Fixes gaps in Block Models and Item Models)
- [Mouse Tweaks](https://modrinth.com/mod/mouse-tweaks) (Enhances inventory management by adding various functions to the mouse buttons. )
- [Not Enough Animations](https://modrinth.com/mod/not-enough-animations) (Adds new animations to players in third person)
- [Presence Footsteps](https://modrinth.com/mod/presence-footsteps) (Adds dynamic & detailed footstep sounds)
- [Random Village Names](https://modrinth.com/mod/random-village-names) (Gives every village a name and shows it on screen)
- [Village Spawn Point](https://modrinth.com/mod/village-spawn-point) (Sets the spawn point in a new world to the center of a village.)
- [Villager Names](https://modrinth.com/mod/villager-names-serilum) (Gives all villager entities a default or custom name to liven up the world.)
- [Sound Physics Remastered](https://modrinth.com/mod/sound-physics-remastered) (Provides realistic sound attenuation, reverberation, and absorption through blocks.)



### Shaders:
- [Complementary Reimagined](https://modrinth.com/shader/complementary-reimagined)
- [Bliss](https://modrinth.com/shader/bliss-shader)



### Resource packs:
- [Low on fire](https://modrinth.com/resourcepack/low-on-fire) (Lowers the fire on your screen when you're on fire.)
- [Fast better grass](https://modrinth.com/resourcepack/fast-better-grass)
- [Default Dark Mode](https://modrinth.com/resourcepack/default-dark-mode) (Makes all the GUI darker)
- [Ray's 3D Ladders](https://modrinth.com/resourcepack/rays-3d-ladders) & [Ray's 3D Rails](https://modrinth.com/resourcepack/rays-3d-rails) (Makes both the ladders and rails 3D)



### Library/Dependency Mods:
- [Areas](https://modrinth.com/mod/areas)
- [Cardinal Components API](https://modrinth.com/mod/cardinal-components-api)
- [Cloth Config API](https://modrinth.com/mod/cloth-config)
- [Collective](https://modrinth.com/mod/collective)
- [Continuity](https://modrinth.com/mod/continuity)
- [CreativeCore](https://modrinth.com/mod/creativecore)
- [Cristel Lib](https://modrinth.com/mod/cristel-lib)
- [Fabric API](https://modrinth.com/mod/fabric-api)
- [Fabric Language Kotlin](https://modrinth.com/mod/fabric-language-kotlin)
- [Forge Config API Port](https://modrinth.com/mod/forge-config-api-port)
- [Geckolib](https://modrinth.com/mod/geckolib)
- [MRU](https://modrinth.com/mod/mru)
- [Puzzles Lib](https://modrinth.com/mod/puzzles-lib)
- [Reeses Sodium Options](https://modrinth.com/mod/reeses-sodium-options)
- [Sodium Extra](https://modrinth.com/mod/sodium-extra)
- [Sodium Options API](https://modrinth.com/mod/sodium-options-api)
- [UniLib](https://modrinth.com/mod/unilib)
- [Yungs API](https://modrinth.com/mod/yungs-api)
- [YetAnotherConfigLib](https://modrinth.com/mod/yacl)
- [Entity Model Features](https://modrinth.com/mod/entity-model-features)
- [EntityTextureFeatures](https://modrinth.com/mod/entitytexturefeatures)
- [owo-lib](https://modrinth.com/mod/owo-lib)


### Copyright notice
If a modder of any of the mods featured in this pack wants their mod removed from this pack, please let me know and I will do so.

## Contribution
Issues and suggestions can be done on the [Github issues page](https://github.com/Z-ANESaber/illager-s-Battlegrounds/issues).
